[Music]
Because
to start from the point of view
of thinking that you haven't seen the
documentary you told me but
in the end you have to have Victor
documentary interested in the subject
compare it with newspaper archives to see if
what is said here if this is true if
this is not lies and it contradicts itself otherwise
secondly you with the experience that you have
had the family evidently your
point of view to another logically and
above all
[Music] would
n't you like anyone to go through what
your mother went through with the press no no
Obviously I mean and let's do one thing and I'm
not going to be an
armed wing ever nor a battering ram ever I mean I
wanted to tell you I'm very sorry but
I am apart from being a free citizen
I have my free will of course if I
have to believe one of the two parties
in their suffering I insist and underline
because with everything else I have no idea
I am very clear who to believe but you
imagine Javi that you Imagine that you and
I are brothers and 15 years ago you
were
in my house with a partner and you were
married and now I go out  out on the street and it
turns out I find myself in front of a camera and they
ask me about this and
obviously I say that I'm not
lying, it's that I'm lying. It's not that I
'm obviously protecting what's
truly important to me but it's that
20 years later this becomes
a lie because it's proven that
such and such and such and I'm already a liar, don't listen,
it's that each one, each one has to
live according to their circumstances
effectively. You're going to see the context there
's also a difference And now I'm going to
ask you another question today I'm the one with the
serious questions to talk about your
mother's suffering and your problem with this man who we
already know is we're still
waiting for no eh resolutions and so on would you
submit to that pressure to make a
docuseries to talk about the issue of the
suffering of documents of this
other thing would you do it
no
well I'm going to explain it to you first because
I, unlike I believe that in this
case she has been very misunderstood for many years
or very misunderstood
and very little listened to and very set aside I
mean I think we have had or has had
a silence that was perhaps too forced and
maybe that part also has to
understand it that suddenly you have a
pent-up rage and hey why not you also
demand a replacement in every
sense both socially and
economically No I see now it's just that
this afternoon I've been looking for things to
catch up a little no and I see that there are
support movements and tides and
stories like this It's that three or
four years ago that didn't exist and I
imagine that for example for Rocío the
fact of now having a legion of people
who come or wrongly Or
wrongly are supporting her
[ __ ] that does a lot for the person
Because I tell you that I have lived through it
and I have felt that and when they
condemn you a little bit to the tragedies very
hard and that suddenly you have there a
series of people who go out of their way that in
turn for them also following you
supposes a symbol and supposes an
importance well it
is very important it is very valuable I would not
do it because with all this
history they have a very bad time and in the
end I do not like that type of pressures and
tensions because they generate
these I mean it is that in the end I have lived
this in a way that someone comes out
tell me No that's a lie because that's
what you were doing was no I'm incapable of
reasoning that part But because I
experienced it first hand then
for me it's something that doesn't make
any sense yes it would seem
important to me but that's not it's not that
juicy and it wouldn't sell that much but it did
seem important to me or it would have seemed
important to me to paint a portrait of what
happened to my mother but in more
depth because I think that she
talked about it the other day with a
criminal lawyer Perhaps it is one of the first
major
legal loopholes that has occurred here in
this whole issue of gender violence and
in fact I think that to this day apart
from the fact that people are still surprised
When they find out you remember that I was
telling you the other day yes the issue of the
sentence I
think is something that should be
remembered and that should be taken
into account but of course maybe it is experienced in
a much more instructive way and I don't
think that because I'm not going to say I don't
know who doesn't have balls or doesn't have I don't
know what apart from that I don't think it
contributes anything well
the truth But
a circus of something as important as it is
because they would have to put up with people who
were against them who criticized them and
so on But wait a second But wait wait
wait a more important moment than
this but Pepa there is a question
I don't believe I don't believe I speak without knowing
because I am not in it I don't believe
that deep down her intention
was to make a circus but of
course but
the thing is that they talk and that is where it comes in I mean do you sincerely believe that someone imagined someone I'm not talking to you anymore I mean I'm going to go on I'm not talking to you about Telecinco and I'm going to go on about the 47.6 billion inhabitants I think we are right now in the last census Do you
think that someone imagined that in the
first broadcast there was going to be how I saw
this afternoon a reaction from a
government minister
one second that it was prepared come on come on
but starting from the basis
that these no that it was not in
anyone's head that the
reaction that was mounted around the
premiere of the first two episodes of
the polarization that there was of the
media uproar and such because
such a topic was put on the table  [ __ ] up like
gender violence and I'm speaking to you in
first person because I've suffered it, I mean I
know what I'm talking about okay what I'm
getting at is that once you
see how the issue is advancing and how
a media circus is being set up around
something that I consider so important like
this and that there are so many people and you're going to
understand me so many people suffering something so
hard
I would not allow that circus to
continue and she has not only
allowed it but she has encouraged it
chapter after chapter I have said it on
many occasions let's imagine that
she is right and the judges have
failed okay I understand the first Goku
series okay let's imagine let's
put it in that case but I don't
understand the second one the second revenge
the second one was unnecessary
I'm seeing people in the chat but
I want you to be very clear that you do not
have to hold Julian responsible for
what Rocio Carrasco has said nor is he
defending Rocio Carrasco in
all things and in all areas and
the finished ones clarify that he has seen it or
knows what he has said
most of the things  What Julian said
seems super sensible to me
that they can hold me responsible for whatever they
want. I tell you that and recovering the
glove what is Enrique going to say? In
fact, I didn't even know about the
existence of a second one. I mean, I'm
not going to tell you about that
because he doesn't know. That's why I say that I
'm in
favor or that I understand and I support
and I believe his suffering because it's what
I was aware of, I mean, it's the
only thing that I knew at the time. I
have no idea what the
next thing is or there is a, well, hey, a
business, a profit and such, well,
probably. But the thing is that I have
suffered things of that style and I am capable of
putting myself into thought and saying, well, why not?
Well, why not? That will seem bad to
many people.
I see it well. The first in the sense
that Antonio David was on
the sets for many years giving it his all and she doing it
now that you love her, I think you don't want to believe it.
What I don't see
well about the first one is
the
beating up of the daughter. I mean, he dealt
well with the daughter during two episodes and
that there is no clear debate about
what it is.  the problem with the second one is that
you don't believe it, that they lie, this
contradicts the second one is
something that I'm going to because she said that
all she wanted was to tell the truth
to stay alive, now that she's told it, not
from the second one, for the second one it's more
than justified with all the years that they've
had everything, yes, I'm not saying that I'm not saying
that I'm not saying that no, but there are things
that she's gone crazy in some
episodes,
that has nothing to do with Ortega, there's not a
year left, she has done to her, taking a
position with Antonio David
publicly, but it's damage that
she does to him because she has seen him
with Antonio David, but what damage has she
done to her,
from her perspective,
of course,
from her daughter, it's the seed of evil,
everyone's skin
has a partner, of course,
with one of the parties, of course, Antonio
David gets along with the man she gets along with, of
course,
my mother, my mother has a partner,
imagine that my mother has a partner
and now I have a girlfriend and now that
girlfriend treats me horribly, I see her
like the devil, maybe I'm not right,
but from my perspective she's the
devil himself. That partner and she has
done everything to me  the damage of the world and now after
years the widower of my mother
instead of being positioned with me or
with no one is making statements
positioning himself with the person who is my
intimate enemy for me the devil we
are no longer talking about Antonio David
rociíto are right we are estranged come on let's
go back to what we were doing before come on I'm going to be
more objective I was saying that they have been talking for 20
years what Gloria
Mohedano said about Rocío Carrasco the same
as Ortega here she doesn't speak man yes Gloria has not
taken
sálvame in the afternoon man made a
sálvame in the afternoon complaining about how
Rocío Carrasco behaved as a mother
or a good father that Antonio David was
even if you think so If you don't speak You don't
call sálvame to say that
one thing that is important
as I have said Javi, no, it's not that I don't have a
relationship, I have no
data but mind you, I don't say anything negative
about him which is that this is the key
really, I mean I don't have because as
you have said he gets along with third
parties and then that makes
any type impossible  of bond but I don't I do
n't attack him or say one thing or
another not the same as it's the same
as me For example I don't, I mean when
I heard
Rocío's story I say no I had no
idea obviously I have not lived
that relationship even behind closed doors
I listen to bond and I say I left you
the other day I believe her suffering I
believe her story because I can believe
that story without needing to blame
anyone that is the sensible part of
citizenship that is I listen This is what I
told you the example that he gave you about the theft
of the wallet I assist you but I don't have to
go out on the street to look for the one who
robbed you those are not
my competences then I listen to the story and
for details and for things I work I
act as a coach and one of the branches that I
touch precisely is mistreatment
I know and understand and perceive
certain things everything else everything
else I will
give you another detail later on which is that
in the end things reach a point where they are
no longer controlled and when they are not
controlled it is worse to try  control them
and the best thing is to let them see how far they
expand and then if they cover everything or
whatever, then that is a little bit what
is happening, things become
profitable, they become profitable, they
become interesting for everyone, but that
second docuseries that I insist, well,
whose existence I was unaware of, people
cannot complain that it exists because it is
giving people hours of
entertainment, it is giving you
hours of content, it
is giving television months of content, so of
course, what happens is that it bothers you when you
realize that all that content that is being
given is generating your
indignation,
but boy, this is the ecosystem
that we are talking about, it works like this
[Music]